ouch wait and tonight we bagged a lonely
little yellow sitting here and this is
their yellow tail boats actually was
some newer and approved packaging and I
stated this it's pretty striking
sparkling white wine here and I already
took off the foil on the top so it was a
little bit more impressive first I'll
take this hair off but what really
intrigued me about this and one reason
why I'm doing this on a video review all
by itself I don't have any other
sparking I wanted to do it with but I
has a new Zork resealable enclosure
which is really cool yeah the first time
take it off yo and wrap this thing and
then you have this so it's still a nice
that open this couple days ago and still
have enough gas in and sealing in it but
in order to put it back on you put it
here and you put it down so it helps
continue to keep trapping the gas in
there once you know for sparkling wine
is something that's important and
provides that seal to keep it fresh a
little longer I don't get one thing I
mean do you really need to the bottle
fresh for more than just one
I mean don't you open it and drink the
whole thing maybe it's just me no really
so this is that made in the fermentation
method where the secondary fermentation
happens in the tank so a large tank and
then it is bottled after that so it's
not done in the champagne method was
format so that is great on there and
bubbles are slow not alot of them
apologise for my not so clear glass I
don't have great sparkling wine flutes
on there
christmas is coming and you know what to
get me now so let's give us it very much
apple juice and yeast unis readiness
action in there not breath but bread
action exclusive it lacks a lot of
things in the mouth you get a really
good sparkling wine and you've got a ton
of effervescence a ton of fizz on the
bubbles and let it play around in your
mouth that's what makes it fun to enjoy
this one here is very very much like an
apple juice or a sparkling cider type
thing
it's got a good little hint of lemon
lemon peel it lemon zest in there lacks
the acidity the alcohol is low I could
buy eleven and a half so it's not the
sweeter side except things I don't know
the residual sugar at your research on
there I'll find out for you put in the
notes but it strikes me as being a
slightly semi-sweet sparkling wine nine
dollars I believe the finest for eight
nine dollars the cigars beat us out
there cava
Brut much better missus or to say no I'm
not sorry to say it is much better so if
you're gonna go with sparkling wine at
six or seven dollars that cigars fetus
cava
brewed so I do like this component if
for some reason you're weird and you're
not keeping their you're not drinking
your wine in one night then this may be
the package for you give a try you know
it's not an awful one by any means it's
got some decent flavor and if you're
looking for something simple to make
pictures of us